Q1)What is a protocol stack, and how is it used in web development?
protocol stack is that is used to define locate implement and make web services interact with each other.
protocol layers:it is made up of four layers
1)application layer:http-secure(use https for security rather than http)
Application layer protocols define how application processes (clients and servers), running on different end systems, pass messages to each other. 
In particular, an application layer is an abstract layer that handles the sharing protocol of the TCP/IP and OSI model.
2)transport layer:TCP_builds apath/connection between client and server
The transport layer (TCP, SCTP, and UDP) reads the header to determine which application layer protocol must receive the data.
Then, TCP, SCTP, or UDP strips off its related header. TCP, SCTP, or UDP sends the message or stream to the receiving application.
3)network layer:IP(v4,v6)-ip adress
it accepts and delivers packets for the network.
IP protocol is responsible for ip adressing,host to host ommunications,packet formatting,fragmentation
4)link layer-ethernet-physical layer
The data link layer takes the data bits and “frames,” and creates packets of the data to guarantee reliable transmission. 
The three main functions of the data link layer are to deal with transmission errors,regulate the flow of data,and provide a well-defined 
interface to the network layer.

Q2)What are the different types of web servers, and how do they differ in terms of functionality and performance?
types of servers:
web server-read only server(static)
application server-dynamic
FTP server-for uploading the files
A Web server exclusively handles HTTP/HTTPS requests. It serves content to the web using HTTP/HTTPS protocol.
An application server serves business logic to application programs through any number of protocols, possibly including HTTP.
FTP is more efficient at transferring large files, whereas HTTP is better for transferring smaller files such as web pages
Although both utilize TCP as the protocol of choice, HTTP uses a persistent connection,thus making the performance of the TCP better 
with HTTP than with FTP.

Q3)What is web hosting, and what are the different types of hosting services available for websites?
hosting is, if we create any website that should be able to use by others or by myself.
Web hosting is an online service that enables you to publish your website or web application on the internet. 
types:shared hosting,cloud hosting,managed hosting,VPs hosting,dedicated hosting

Q4)What is scaling, and why is it important for web applications? How does scaling differ for vertical and horizontal scaling?
scaling is the potential of your application to cope with increasing numbers of users simultaneously interacting with it.
your application should be able to grow and be able to handle more and more requests per minute (RPMs).
in vertical scaling-it is done by increasing the processing power
in horizontal scaling-it is done by increasing the number of machines

Q5)What is SEO (Search Engine Optimization), and how can web developers optimize their websites for better search engine rankings?
It is the process of maximizing the number of visitors to a particular website by ensuring that the site appears high on the list of results 
returned by a search engine.
and we can optimise the websites for better search engine rankings in 7ways:
1. Target The Right Keywords
2. By creating new content
3. By Optimising Your META Tags
4. By Checking on Your Page Load Time
5. By Making Your Website Responsive
6. By Reviewing Your Competitors Websites
7. Build trust

